
A)Tess has been  the

B)My colleague considers

C) I am will  work in a reputed company and  have a good position in it.

D) The company it's giving

E) My brother  will replace

F) The training course for the company's employees it's going to end up on the 28th of May

G) Our team it's going to  throw/ Are you comming?




A) Arrived, the meeting had already started

B) When they bought the new computers for the office?

C) We were typing the report when suddenlty the light went down

A) You don't
B) Musn't harrass
C) I must arrive
D) Should
E)Have to

1º Could you tell me what did you did in the last project

2º Do you know How I Can propperly protect my pc from viruses and malware

3º Do you have any idea if she has been promoted after listas maternety leave


4º I'd like to know when they will be interviewing the new can









A) Why has she  lost all her personal data?

B) Is the company raising the salaries?
    Where is the company raising the salaries

C)	Why has the human resources departmen fired him?

D)  Why had you called an it technician?+
D) What are you going to call yo fix your connection?

E) How much does your friend earn?

F) How is health crisis affecting work?

  



1º Security
2º Safety

1º The security
2º The safety
3º Security
4º safety



3º

A) A Cracker
b) A Hacker
C)A malware
D) A worm
E) Trojan
F) malware
G)Spyware
h)adware

 





A) To attach a file to an email message follow these ins

B) First, open a new email message by clicking on

C)Clicking

D)selected

E)Don't to any



A) https in the address bar and a padlock icon

B) Create a password and username

C) Message when they detect spyware



Security is very important because you might get your information stolen or even worse your credit card information, you could protect your pc by using a antivirus but you need to consider if it is worth it
almost of all them require a payment to function and make your internet slower.

So if you don't use your internet to buy things you need to consider it






The most dangerous cybercrime are the ones that tries to steal your credit card information by phising links because it can trick almost anyone+

I have been a victim of a virus called "Police virus" that is a ramsonware that tryes to get tou scared to pay some money

It can be avoides using official and trustfull webpages.



Social networks know almost everything about us, from we are living to where are we working. But it can help us get in touch with our friends all arround the world very easily and fast.

But we can use some alternatives like instant messaging, it's true that these software can control us but it's more fast and practical than social media.q


 We can also communicate using cameras and doing a voice call, doing that can be an amazing experience if you didn't saw the person from along time ago.

Or you can also write a blog, you can talk about everything you want and people might get interested and follow you.


Smartphones are almost everywhere and everyone has one, it can help us communicate with people and also download helpful tasks to entertain us or help us trough the day

